Now I was planning on preaching it, but because I got in late and all the flights got bumped, well, there's a...
There's a man we're going to hear about today in the Bible. His name is Abishai, and he serves next to David's side. He fights battles alongside him. And so I want to introduce to you the man who's going to pray.
I bring the word today. This is Abishai, and best supporting actor in a church drama, Pastor Dwayne Roberts. Let's give it up for Pastor Dwayne from Boynton Beach. Thank you.
Good morning, Calvary Chapel House, everyone doing today.
I didn't know that my name was going to be changed to Abishai, but I will take it.
today
Well as Pastor Doug said we're going to be in first Samuel 26.
and twenty-seven today. um and normally what i do is i love to have a stand.
and pray and we will do that. so if you don't mind, can you stand with me?
we're going to read the Word of God
First four verses of First Samuel, twenty six,
but as a church we would be remiss
not to recognize what is happening in our world.
Seems like there's so much volatility and tension.
you see protests.
You hear things about, um,
People being assassinated,
You see what's going on in Israel and Iran. And maybe, maybe today you're wondering, where is God in all of this?
So when we see this tension in the world, it it causes us.
To take
Pause.
And to pray to our sovereign God, who we believe is still in control. Can I get an amen? And this?
These details have not missed God. So we serve a God that sees all.
And knows all and we always have this limited view so we're gonna pray
ah not only for the message but we're gonna pray for god's sovereign protection his grace and peace.
Overall, that is actually happening. And I'm praying also that the gospel would be preached.
So people will come to know him. So let's read First Samuel, Twenty six, the first four verses.
And then we will pray.
First, December 26th, the first four verses says, "The Ziphites went to Saul."
at gibbia and said it's not david hiding on the hill of hackala.
Which faces Jeshimon,
So Saul went down to the desert of Ziph, with his three thousand select Israeli troops.
to search there for david.
Sawmatus camped beside the road on the hill of Hakala facing Jesherman.
But David stayed in the wilderness.
When he saw that Saul had followed him there, he sent out scouts.
and learned that Saul had definitely
Arrive.
Let's bow our heads and pray.
Heavenly Father, we
Thank you.
That we serve a faithful god
One who is
omnipotent
omniscient
And all knowing lord
We thank you God that you are God that is in control.
and that you see all you are the God.
Who sees?
Elroy, even though we see a limited view of the news, so God, we are.
calling on the name of Jesus.
God, we pray for your sovereign presence.
Everywhere there may be turmoil
Pray for your grace and protection over what is happening in the Middle East.
We pray for families today that are hurting.
And grieving today
Lord, we pray for all the things that are going on locally, and we just pray that you would be
The prince of peace that you are.
And I pray everywhere, Lord, that your name
Would be lifted high so men and women can be drawn to you.
So God, we give this to you as well as your word. as it is open, we realize that it is living and active.
Sharper than any two-edged sword.
And i pray like John the baptist lord that we would decrease
that you would increase and that your word would speak to our very lives.
And God as your vessel
Today, I pray that you would take my notes.
And even our free reign over what I say, may the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be pleasing.
In your sight.
O Lord my rock,
In my redeemer.
And i pray this in Jesus Name and everybody said
Amen. You may have a seat, but...
on this father's day
I can tell you one of the greatest joys of my life is being a dad.
And as a father of three, now,
25-year-old.
21-year-old sons.
and a daughter who just.
Turned 18 not too long ago, graduated from high school this year.
And so I praise God for this role.
That i get to participate in and can i just tell you as a dad as i get older which which means as i think about a 25 year old a 21 year old and an 18
And an 18-year-old, I'm getting old. Anybody feel like me? No.
But I remember my daughter walking down.
That I'll to receive her high school diploma.
and i didn't see my eighteen year old daughter. i saw my little three year old.
Walking up.
And everything I might think about being a dad, I...
I can't believe how God has blessed me in that sense. And sometimes I don't know about you, I'm getting mushier as I get older. I start to cry for no reason. anybody with me, you know.
It's me. You just start.
Trying
But you realize the role as a dad, there's a lot of pressure, it seems.
You got to raise your family
Be a provider, be be a protector and.
and sometimes you get it right and just to be honest sometimes you get it wrong.
Can I just admit to you, I know I'm a pastor, I know I love Jesus, but can I just tell you this, that I'm not perfect.
there's things that i've done that i shouldn't have done. sometimes i've had faith.
and god sometimes i i didn't have faith in god and when you think about you trying to be sometimes the perfect father.
Can I just calm the pressure and say,
There's only one perfect Father. He is God, and he lives in heaven.
And we can always rely on our perfect father to give us exactly what we need.
Now i've entitled this message faith over fear
Because I believe when we're men and women of faith, we we have this upward perspective.
on life.
there's this dependency upon god so so when i have this faith perspective i fix my eyes on the things that are up above where christ is seated.